noasync: expose run from high level to noasync (#668)
intel/dffml: CHANGELOG.md

  path to directory or Git repo URL and runs the appropriate static analyzers.
- Support for entrypoint style loading of operations and seed inputs in `dataflow create`.
- Definition for output of the function that `op` wraps.

> - Expose high level load, run and save funtions to noasync. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose high level load, run and save functions from noasync
```

Reviewer: Misspelling of functions ;)
